.\" Copyright (c) Software Verification Research Centre - All Rights Reserved.
.TH qp 1 "1 March 2000" SVRC
.SH NAME
qp \- Qu-Prolog interpreter
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B qp
[
\-B size
]
[
\-O size
]
[
\-T size
]
[
\-r size
]
[
\-I size
]
[
\-i size
]
[
\-C size
]
[
\-e size
]
[
\-h size
]
[
\-H size
]
[
\-n size
]
[
\-z size
]
[
\-N icm-server-name
]
[
\-P icm-server-port
]
[
\-A process-symbol
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\f4qp\f1 is the Qu-Prolog interpreter.
It repeatedly prompts for and solves queries.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-B size
Set the binding trail size to
.I size
K words.
The default size is 32K words.
.TP
\-O size
Set the object trail size to
.I size
K words.
The default size is 16K words.
.TP
\-T size
Set the tag trail size to
.I size
K words.
The default size is 8K words.
.TP
\-r size
Set the reference trail size to
.I size
K words.
The default size is 8K words.
.TP
\-I size
Set the implicit parameter trail size to
.I size
K words.
The default size is 8K words.
.TP
\-i size
Set the implicit parameter table size to
.I size
entries. The system makes the size of the table the next power of two
bigger than twice the supplied size.
The default size is 10000.
.TP
\-C size
Set the choice point stack to
.I size
K words.
The default size is 64K words.
.TP
\-e size
Set the environment stack to
.I size
K words.
The default size is 64K words.
.TP
\-h size
Set the heap (global stack) to
.I size
K cells (words).
The default size is 400K words.
.TP
\-H size
Set the scratch pad to
.I size
K cells (words).
The default size is 10K words.
.TP
\-n size
Set the name table to
.I size
entries. The system makes the size of the table the next power of two
bigger than twice the supplied size.
The default size is 10000.
.TP
\-z size
Set the thread table to
.I size
entries.
The default size is 100 entries.
.TP
\-N icm-server-name
Set the machine (IP adress) on which the icm is running to
.I icm-server-name.
The default is the current machine.
.TP
\-P icm-server-port
Set the port on which the icm is listining to
.I icm-server-port.
.TP
\-A process-symbol
Set the name of this process to
.I process-symbol.
If the name is supplied then the qp GUI will start unless
[
dumb 
]
appears as the last switch.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP 10
.B QPLIBPATH
Specify where the Qu-Prolog libraries are held.
.SH FILES
.PD 0
.TP 20
.B qp.qx
executable data file
.PD
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR qc (1).
.SH COPYRIGHT
Software Verification Research Centre, The
University of Queensland, Australia 4072.
